everybody we're at Mountain View
Chevrolet downtown Chattanooga right off
i-20 for there you see the freeway at
the foot of Lookout Mountain with
another episode of look what I traded
for 2006 Chevy Monte Carlo 43,000 won
certified Carfax pampered miles
beautiful beautiful ebony black Monte
Carlo inside 3.5 litre v6 power to spare
all kinds of incredible power plus you
got great fuel economy and I tell you
what there's not a prettier color on a
Monte Carlo than black of course you
know we've done that to 117 point
inspection checklist put a brand new set
of radial tires an all-season radial
tire wrapped around that alloy wheel
right there you know these things are
gonna ride like a dream I mentioned it
was a one owner certified I don't know
where Mountain View finds all these one
owners certified Carfax cars there you
see books and manuals I mentioned you
know it's been through a hundred and
seventeen point inspection checklist
there you see OnStar CD player there's
your mini plug Jack dual climate control
it is an LT with a very very nice soft
tan cloth like a tufted velour interior
pretty as it can be a satin stainless
type trim as well power windows and
locks of course that comes standard on
the LT model but again I just don't know
where they find all these one-owner
carfax cars and you know you're looking
for a one owner car when you're looking
at a pre-owned a used car you're always
looking for one that's been very very
well taken care of that's the kind of
inventory that you're finding at
Mountain View Chevy on a regular basis
floor mats included you got a huge trunk
but if you need more you see a forty
sixty fit split fold-down rear seat
you're how solid that trunk closed when
I when I shut the trunk deck lid spoiler
on the back of this one the lines on a
Monte Carlo goodness gracious they're
just absolutely beautiful power driver's
seat that clean tan cloth interior
continues on around in the driver's seat
auto headlamps cruise control right
there on the steering wheel for you and
there
that rrally good-looking engaged
clustering system consistent with the
Monte Carlos sporty interior as well as
exterior more satin stainless looking
trim power locks power windows power
mirrors mentioned on star 117 point
inspection checklists that it passed
with flying colors we want every used
vehicle that you buy at Mountain View
you your family your friends we want
thousands of trouble-free driving miles
for you we're at the foot of Lookout
Mountain right off i-20 for 310 East
20th Street and of course we're always
online your Chevy guys calm